GHKNN
===
The identification of protein-nucleotide binding esidues is crucial for the annotation of protein functions and the design of structure-based drugs. Traditional experimental
methods to identify protein-nucleotide binding residues are timeconsuming and expensive. Therefore, many computational methods have emerged to effectively solve this problem during the past decade. Recently, many methods have been used to build models based on structure information, but this approach is flawed because the 3D structure information of some proteins is insufficient and unavailable. Therefore, sequence-based computational methods are easier to implement for protein-nucleotide binding residue identification. In this paper, we use protein sequences to develop a novel computational method to identify proteinnucleotide binding residues. We apply sliding window and Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) to extract features and compress features of Position-Specific Score Matrix (PSSM). In addition, we also apply Predicted Relative Solvent Accessibility (PRSA) to further improve performance. The predictor of proteinnucleotide binding residues is constructed by Graph Regularized k-local Hyperplane Distance Nearest Neighbor (GHKNN). To evaluate our method, we test it on five independent test sets. Compared with other advanced methods, our method achieves Mathews correlation coefficient (MCC) of 0.537 (ATP), 0.514 (ADP), 0.396 (AMP), 0.610 (GDP) and 0.687 (GTP), respectively. The above independent test set results show that our method is feasible and effective for the identification of proteinnucleotide binding residues.

Data
---
All the data can be downloaded from [Data](http://yhpjc.vip/download/GHKNN/)
